Filename: issues.txt
Created:  Sep 10, 2014 08:31:52.765

Title:    YoderZone.Com.Extensions.Remarker

Issues

Formatting not as expected

This may becaused by conflicting formatting tags. If other extensions add
formatting tags after Remarker adds its tags, the later tags may overrule
formatting settings made by Remarker. If some task options seem to work,
but others do not, such as a task's font family seems to work, but the
task's color is not right, another extension may have changed the setting
after the tag was added.

Removing or disabling the other extension should resolve this issue, if
that is desired.

I have seen that the order in which sections of Remarker are added to the
assembly also seems to have an effect on this. Task classes need to be
added after the comment classes. I do not know why this makes a
difference.


Options Page Behavior

It was difficult to get Remarker's options pages working correctly within
Visual Studio's Options window. There were several issues that caused
problems.

1. DialogPage is a Windows Forms based window. It is a challenge to make
   binding work with Windows Forms, so we opted to add a WPF ElementHost
   and do our work in WPF.
2. TextBox controls in this configuration do not receive character input
   for some reason, so we created a modify TextBox class to force windows
   to send characters to the controls.
3. The options pages use an editing scheme to allow changes to be rolled
   with the escape key, and committed with the return key, but the
   options page window also closes when those keys are received. I tried
   to determine a way to prevent this when the controls were in an
   editing mode, but could not find a way.
4. Changes to controls are not committed until focus leaves the control
   and another control receives focus. This means that when it appears
   that a change has been entered, it may not have made it all the way
   back to the model's storage fields. I've worked most of that out, but
   there may be places where the problem still manefests itself.

   It is interesting to note that most other non-Microsoft extentions
   opt to use some other mechanism to configure their applications. I
   may decide to do this myself.

